java_home: add page (#9685)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/osx/java_home.md

# java_home

> Return a value for $JAVA_HOME or execute command using this variable.
> More information: <https://www.unix.com/man-page/osx/1/java_home>.

- List JVMs based on a specific version:

`java_home --version {{1.5+}}`

- List JVMs based on a specific [arch]itecture:

`java_home --arch {{i386}}`

> - List JVMs based on a specific tasks (default: `CommandLine`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- List JVMs based on a specific tasks (defaults to `CommandLine`):
```

Author: I think it's a nice idea to prefer verbs over nouns. Later I'll standardize this note about default values.
